# v2.0.0.alpha.4

This release comes with various bug fixes and some new features!

**Download**: [https://datadyne.perfectdark.space/monogatari/releases/Monogatari-v2.0.0.alpha.4.zip](https://datadyne.perfectdark.space/monogatari/releases/Monogatari-v2.0.0.alpha.4.zip)

## Change Log

### New Features

* Choices now have a \`Clickable\` property, allowing you to disable any choice while still showing it. More information about this property is available at the [Choices documentation](../script-actions/choices.md#unclickable-choices).
* It is now possible to define a class for the choices container from the Choice object. More information about this is available at the [Choices documentation](../script-actions/choices.md#styling-your-buttons).
* Russian language is now available as a translation for the UI.
* The image gallery has been restored and is working again.
* A `show background` action has been added that acts the same as scene, but without removing any game elements.

### Bug Fixes

* Using named colors (black ,white, etc.) to show scenes would not work and the  background color would not be changed.
* Choices would not be shown correctly when using a normal dialog while on NVL mode or the other way around.
* Clearing the text box would remove the `nvl` class from it, causing some flickering and undesired behaviors.
* Save slots would not display correctly a non-image background.
* A library was missing from the Canvas action implementation, preventing its functioning.
* The spacing between the titles on audio settings has been fixed

### Other Changes

* All core components functionality has been moved to the [Pandora library](https://gitlab.com/AegisFramework/pandora/).
* Dependencies have been updated

## Update Guide

{% hint style="warning" %}
This guide only applies for games that were written using the 2.0.0.alpha.3 version.
{% endhint %}

To update your game, all you need is copying the contents inside the `engine/core` directory from the new release to the one you are using.
